Ladies and gentlemen
Are you sure you won't change your mind?
There are also opinions
I admit that I admit that our royal family
In the South Prison, it is not as good as the patriarchs
But here it is.
One acre and one third of our Wang family's land
You dare not provoke me
If you are sure that the 100 billion will be handed over to the temporary division
I promise this 100 billion won't make his hand
Haven't heard that in a long time
Don't say your Wang family
It's hard for all the families to add up
No one dares to talk to us like that
You have the guts.
But listen up.
If you let me know that you dealt with Miss Lin
Your royal family will disappear within a day
In my opinion, it is better to let the Wang family disappear now
Young people don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Even I dare to threaten
Why don't you destroy the Lin family first?
Killing chickens into monkeys is the most effective
Hey Qingming Hero Lord
Lin Jia knew she was wrong
Please give me another chance.
Don't kill Lin Jia
Ah you don't do that
We can't afford it.
Originally, this order was your neighbor's house.
We didn't have to come here.
It was your neighbor who lost this opportunity
No one else's to blame
I, I, I, I, I lost the order, Dad.
Is it at the birthday banquet?
The white order given by Chu Feng?
Your contract is real
That 80 million gift is also real
Hey
give up
I'm gonna pass.
Hey
If I had known today, why did I have to